(gentle music)
(slow music)
(door closes)
(clock ticking)
Imagine the universe as an endless pool
in which we are submerged.
The resistance we feel as we move in the water
is what would give us mass.
And every single drop could be a Higgs boson,
the elementary particle.
If we found it, we would be able to formulate
the universe in a single equation.
(speaking foreign language)
Your choice, Einstein or Schrodinger?
The kitten is twice as sweet.
Collision in 30 seconds.
Have you heard from her?
hey, don't worry man.
Collision in five, four--
She probably needs some time.
Two, one.
(rushing)
Einstein or Schrodinger?
The kitten is twice as sweet.
Carlos, are you okay?
Collision has been successful.
Please, check the results.
(clock ticking)
Are you kidding?
Do you want to play Back to the Future?
Shh!
Not exactly.
We only need to modify the dimensional instructor
of the brains
in order to allow my pressing conscience.
You know the Carlos from the past.
Sure, Carlos, sure.
It's so logical to break the space-time continuum.
You're insane, man.
If I'm right, we could win a Nobel Prize.
The both of us.
Switch it on.
If we fuck up the universe, I'm going to say it was you.
Just you.
(rushing)
(clock ticking)
Have you just said you love me?
I am still single, right?
Let's see, five years in the MIT,
two years studying a postdoc in Bonn,
another one in Switzerland.
Have you checked the inflection magnets?
Do you know how much I owe on my student loan?
130,540 dollars, and 56 cents,
do you have any change?
Man, we need to hurry.
Are you listening to me?
They are going to kick our arses
and then they're going to fire us.
And you know what?
Right then, they're going to hire us again,
so that they can kick us once more.
And all because of some girl.
She's got a friend.
What?
She said you were cute.
And by the way, she is not some girl.
She's Laura.
(door closes)
(beeping)
Oh fuck.
Temperature's unstable.
Carlos, the inflection magnets might fail any second.
I am so close.
It has to be one of these variables,
I just need to find how.
We can't risk it any more.
We only have one trip left.
The last one.
(slow music)
(clock ticking)
(rock music)